DOCS-9680 Commerce Cloud Shop Connector (#1184)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: commerce-cloud-shop-api/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/shop-api-connector-studio.adoc

= Use Anypoint Studio to Configure Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector - Mule 4

Anypoint Studio (Studio) editors help you design and update your Mule applications, properties, and configuration files.

To add and configure a connector in Studio:

. <<create-mule-project,Create a Mule project>>.
. <<add-connector-to-project,Add the connector to your Mule project>>.
. <<configure-input-source,Configure an input source for the connector's flow>>.
. <<add-connector-operation,Add a connector operation to the flow>>.
. <<configure-global-element,Configure a global element for the connector>>.
. <<conigure-other-fields,Configure the other connector fields>>.

> When you run the connector, you can view the app log to check for problems, as described in <<view-app-log,View the App Log>>.

Reviewer: I wonder if we should add "in real time" to the template?
```suggestion
When you run the connector, you can view the app log to check for problems in real time, as described in <<view-app-log,View the App Log>>.
```

Author: Added to the template

If you are new to configuring connectors in Studio, see xref:connectors::introduction/intro-config-use-studio.adoc[Use Studio to Configure a Connector]. If, after reading this topic, you need additional information about the connector fields, see the xref:shop-api-connector-reference.adoc[Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector Reference].

[[create-mule-project]]
== Create a Mule Project

In Studio, create a new Mule project in which to add and configure the connector: 

. In Studio, select *File > New > Mule Project*.
. Enter a name for your Mule project and click *Finish*.

[[add-connector-to-project]]
== Add the Connector to Your Mule Project

Add Anypoint Connector for Salesforce Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector (B2C Shop Connector) to your Mule project to automatically populate the XML code with the connector's namespace and schema location and add the required dependencies to the project's `pom.xml` file:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, click *(X) Search in Exchange*.
. In *Add Modules to Project*, type `Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector` in the search field.

> . Click Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector in *Available modules*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector* in *Available modules*.
```

. Click *Add*.
. Click *Finish*.

Adding a connector to a Mule project in Studio does not make that connector available to other projects in your Studio workspace.

[[configure-input-source]]
== Configure a Source

A source initiates a flow when a specified condition is met.
You can configure one of these sources to use with Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector:

* *HTTP > Listener* +
Initiates a flow each time it receives a request on the configured host and port
* *Scheduler* +
Initiates a flow when a time-based condition is met

For example, to configure an HTTP listener, follow these steps:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *HTTP > Listener*.
. Drag *Listener* to the Studio canvas.
. On the *Listener* configuration screen, optionally change the value of the *Display Name* field.
. Specify a value for the *Path* field.

> . Click the plus sign (*+*) next to the *Connector configuration* field to configure a global element that can be used by all instances of HTTP *Listener* in the app.

Reviewer: See question at Line 22.

. On the *General* tab, specify connection information for the connector.
. On the *TLS* tab, optionally specify the TLS information for the connector.
. On the *Advanced* tab, optionally specify reconnection information, including a reconnection strategy.
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the specified server.
. Click *OK*.

[[add-connector-operation]]
== Add a Connector Operation to the Flow

When you add a connector operation to your flow, you immediately define a specific operation for that connector to perform.

To add an operation for B2C Shop Connector, follow these steps:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector* and then select the desired operation.

> . Drag the operation onto the Studio canvas to the right of the input source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Drag the operation onto the Studio canvas, to the right of the input source.
```

[[configure-global-element]]
== Configure a Global Element for the Connector

> When you configure a connector, it’s best to configure a global element that all instances of that connector in the app can use. Configuring a global element requires you to provide the authentication credentials that the connector requires to access the target Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector API system. B2C Shop Connector supports two different types of connection provider:

Reviewer: It would be good to get rid of "it's best to" in the template. See the Style Ref.:

“best practice,” “it is best to”
Avoid; see “MuleSoft recommends.”

Reviewer: Just to avoid duplicate "requires"...:
```suggestion
When you configure a connector, it’s best to configure a global element that all instances of that connector in the app can use. Configuring a global element requires you to provide the authentication credentials that the connector needs to access the target Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector API system. B2C Shop Connector supports two different types of connection provider:
```

. Customer Auth Connection Provider

> . OAuth2 Application Connection Provider

Reviewer: bullets, not #list

To configure the global element for Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector, follow these steps:

. Select the name of the connector in the Studio canvas.
. In the configuration screen for the operation, click the plus sign (*+*) next to the *Connector configuration* field to access the global element configuration fields.
. On the *General* tab, configure the connection:
* <<ShopConfiguration_CustomersAuth, Customers Auth Connection Provider>> 

> * <<ShopConfiguration_Oauth2Application, OAuth2 Application Connection Provider>> sections.

Reviewer: Omit "...sections." from the second list item.
Optionally use it in the step text, something like "...configure the connection in the following two sections:"
Which means these are labels that should be formatted with * *?

+

> You can reference a configuration file that contains ANT-style property placeholders (recommended), or you can enter your authorization credentials in the global configuration properties. For information about the benefits of using property placeholders and how to configure them, see xref:connectors::introduction/intro-connector-configuration-overview.adoc[Anypoint Connector Configuration].

Reviewer: Because we are making a recommendation, I suggest rewording to something more like this:
```suggestion
Although you can enter your authorization credentials in the global configuration properties, referencing a configuration file that contains ANT-style property placeholders has advantages. For information about the benefits of using property placeholders and how to configure them, see xref:connectors::introduction/intro-connector-configuration-overview.adoc[Anypoint Connector Configuration].
```
I would actually rather see us omit the less-desired technique altogether, and simply tell the audience to do the first thing....

+
. On the *Advanced* tab, optionally specify reconnection information, including a reconnection strategy.
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the specified server.
. Click *OK*.

[[get-shopper-jwt-token]]
=== Get the Shopper JWT Token 

> To Get the Shopper JWT Token to use for the <<ShopConfiguration_CustomersAuth,*Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector Customer Auth Config*>>:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the Shopper JWT Token to use for the <<ShopConfiguration_CustomersAuth,*Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector Customer Auth Config*>>:
```

. On the *General* tab of the *Global Element Properties* screen, select *Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector Shopper Token* and click *OK*. +
. Configure the following parameters:
+
[options="header",width="50%"]
|============
|Field Name   |Value
|Base URI   | Parameter Base URI. Each instance or tenant gets its own base URI.
|============
+
image::shop-connector-shopper-token-config.jpg[Commer Cloud B2C Shop Connector Shopper Token General properties tab]

The XML configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
    <commerce-cloud-shopper-api:shopper-token-config name="Commerce_Cloud_B2C_Shop_Connector_Shopper_token" doc:name="Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector Shopper token" doc:id="9edebcff-2328-4312-88eb-d8ab4dcbd7cd" >
        <commerce-cloud-shopper-api:shopper-token-connection baseUri="${shopper.baseUri}" />
    </commerce-cloud-shopper-api:shopper-token-config>
----

[[ShopConfiguration_CustomersAuth]]
=== Customer Auth Connection Provider Configuration

> Before you configure the connection for *Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector Customer Auth Config*, <<get-shopper-jwt-token,get the Shopper JWT token>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you configure the connection for *Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector Customer Auth Config*, <<get-shopper-jwt-token,get the Shopper JWT Token>>.
```

. On the *General* tab of the *Global Element Properties* screen, select *Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector Customer Auth Config* and click *OK*. 
. Configure the following parameters:
+
[options="header",width="50%"]
|============
|Field Name   |Value
|Base URI    |Parameter base URI. Each instance or tenant has its own base URI.

> |Authorization |Provide the Shopper JWT token as the authorization parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Authorization |Provide the Shopper JWT Token as the authorization parameter.
```

|============
+

> This example adds the Base URI to the application properties file and references it using placeholders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example adds the base URI to the application properties file and references it using placeholders:
```

+
image::shop-connector-customer-auth-config.jpg[Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector Customer Auth Config General properties]
+
. Click *Test Connection* to verify the configuration.

The XML configuration looks like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
    <commerce-cloud-shopper-api:customer-auth-config name="Commerce_Cloud_Shopper_Connector_Customer_auth_config" doc:name="Commerce Cloud Shopper Connector Customer auth config" doc:id="3513fbf9-98ad-45a0-bd8e-5f01f1f340b2">
        <commerce-cloud-shopper-api:shopper-connection baseUri="${shopper.baseUri}" authorization="#[attributes.headers.Authorization]" />
    </commerce-cloud-shopper-api:customer-auth-config>
----

[[ShopConfiguration_Oauth2Application]]
=== OAuth2 Application Connection Provider

. On the *General* tab of the *Global Element Properties* screen, select *Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector Config* and click *OK*. 
. Configure the following parameters:
+
[options="header",width="50%"]
|============
|Field Name   |Value
|Base Uri    | Access API URL

> |Client Id | ID of the client account created with Salesforce Commerce

Reviewer: Use full Salesforce product name throughout: Salesforce B2C Commerce? Salesforce Commerce Cloud? Something else?

> |Client Secret | Secret of the client account created with Salesforce Commerce

Reviewer: ditto; GLOBAL

|Token url | Access token URL
|Scopes | Scopes for access
|============
+
image::shop-connector-oauth2-config.jpg[Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector Config with values for the OAuth 2.0 client credentials connection]
+

> This example adds credentials to the application properties file and references it using placeholders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example adds credentials to the application properties file and references it using placeholders:
```

[source,xml,linenums]
----
   <commerce-cloud-shopper-api:config name="Commerce_Cloud_B2C_Shop_Connector_Config" doc:name="Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector Config" doc:id="b487e17a-b80a-4cf4-a2f3-d24d47690844" >
		<commerce-cloud-shopper-api:am-oauth2-connection baseUri="${shopper.baseUri}" >
			<commerce-cloud-shopper-api:oauth-client-credentials clientId="${shopper.clientId}" clientSecret="${shopper.clientSecret}" tokenUrl="${shopper.tokenUrl}" scopes="${shopper.scopes}" />
		</commerce-cloud-shopper-api:am-oauth2-connection>
	</commerce-cloud-shopper-api:config>
----

[[view-app-log]]
== View the App Log

To check for problems, you can view the app log as follows:

* If you’re running the app from Anypoint Platform, the app log output is visible in the Anypoint Studio console window.
* If you’re running the app using Mule from the command line, the app log output is visible in your OS console.

Unless the log file path is customized in the app’s log file (`log4j2.xml`), you can also view the app log in the default location `MULE_HOME/logs/<app-name>.log`. You can configure the location of the log path in the app log file `log4j2.xml`.

[[conigure-other-fields]]

> == Configure the other connector fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configure the Other Connector Fields
```
